docs: readme update (#59)
ethersphere/swarm-extension: README.md

**Warning: This project has Proof of Concept state now. There will be breaking changes continuously in the future. Also, no guarantees can be made about its stability, efficiency, and security at this stage. It only provides a platform currently to show workarounds and examples for the current problems in dApp environments top on Swarm**

This browser extension provides an alternative to have a web3 environment in a web2 browser for users and dApps.

> Users can interact with the Swarm network in two ways: by running an own Bee client or using a gateway solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can interact with the Swarm network in two ways: by running their own Bee client or using a gateway solution.
```

> Either of the cases, users can set the connection data of the desired Bee client whithin the extension in order to channel all Bee client request to that trusted endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either of the cases, users can set the connection data of the desired Bee client within the extension in order to channel all Bee client request to that trusted endpoint.
```

> Other settings can be placed regarding how the user wants to interact with the web3 applications like using one selected postage batch for any file upload attempt of dApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other settings can be placed regarding how the user wants to interact with the web3 applications, like using one selected postage batch for any file upload attempt of dApps.
```

In a web3 architecture the browser is the new server-side backend, therefore frontend applications (dApps) should communicate with it.
For that, there is a pre-defined [API](#fake-url) that dApps can request to and interact with the Bee client of the user in a secure and abstracted manner.

> By that, there is no need to assuming the user runs a Bee node on the default ports on their computer and fallback to a well-known public-gateway at referencing outside Swarm resources; just refer to the representative, fix and abstracted Bee client endpoints that the extension defines [in HTML](#Swarm-HTML) or [in JavaScript](#Custom-Protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By that, there is no need to assume the user runs a Bee node on the default ports on their compute, or to fallback to a well-known public-gateway when referencing external Swarm resources; just refer to the representative, fixed and abstracted Bee client endpoints that the extension defines [in HTML](#Swarm-HTML) or [in JavaScript](#Custom-Protocol).
```

This architecture also allows changing the default URLs of decentralized services (Bee) to any arbitrary one,
meanwhile dApps do not have to guess this address.
For example Bee client has default `http://localhost:1633`, user can change it to any other port or even other gateway host,
the dApps will call it in the same way.

### Callable Endpoints

For any action, the Fake URL host is `http://localhost:1633`.
As it is written earlier, it is not the address of the Bee client,
it is just a reserved host address that the extension took and built its Fake URL paths on it.
If the user changes their Bee API address, these endpoints still remain the same from dApp side.

- `http://localhost:1633/fake-url/bzz/*` - `BZZ protocol` redirects to this fake URL, thereby in `*` can be not only content reference with its path, but any BZZ protocol compatible reference. It will be redirected to `bzz` endpoint of the Bee client.
- `http://localhost:1633/fake-url/bee-api/*` - it will be forwarded to the Bee API. `*` has to be valid Bee API path

## Custom Protocol

The Swarm protocol to address other P2P content is `bzz`. It makes a redirection to the BZZ endpoint of the Bee node.

> If you type `bzz://{content-address}` into the address bar, the page will be redirected to `http(s)://{your-bzz-node-host}/bzz/{content-address}`. Currently it only reacts like this if the default search engine of the browser is set to Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you type `bzz://{content-address}` into the address bar, the page will be redirected to `http(s)://{your-bzz-node-host}/bzz/{content-address}`. This requires the default search engine of the browser to be set to Google.
```

It also behaves the same on simple google searches on `https://google.com`.

> Additionally, The extension currently [injects a script](src/contentscript/index.ts) on document load so that dApp pages could refer any other P2P resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the extension currently [injects a script](src/contentscript/index.ts) on document load so that dApp pages could refer any other P2P resources.
```
